Welcome, in this video, we're going to check out our network and branching graph
on GitHub, and on the local system. Let's start out on the local system.
Let's go back to our terminal, and I'm currently in the "website" Git repository,
on the master branch, and I'm currently in a clean working directory state.
Now that we've done lots of commits and some branching and merging,
we should start to see some level of branching off and merging back
when we do our graph. If I do a "git log --oneline --graph",
the "--graph" option is what will denote the graph of our branches as they come and go.
So, you can see some earlier commits were on other branches
and they were eventually merged back into master.
Some of the branches noted came from GitHub, and some were local.
I'm going to press 'q' to quit out of that,
To give some more context, I'm going to use my "hist" alias,
which is equivalent to the "git log" command with several other options.
Doing that will actually show us the branches that are involved with each of the commits.
And, right now, everything is up-to-date at the top most commit.
So, both master and 'origin/master' are pointing to our latest commit.
And, we can scroll back into our commit history, and scroll back up as well.
Press 'q' to quit. We can see a similar type graph on the GitHub interface too.
Let's switch back over to GitHub.
I'm currently logged into GitHub, on the website GitHub repository.
Over on the right hand side, we have our repository menu.
One of the options is "Graphs", so click on "Graphs".
Within graphs, we have "Network", click on "Network".
Network will kind of give us a graphical representation of the different branches,
and even other people that have been forking off of our repository.
We'll cover that later, but for now, it just shows us our own branches and merging back in.